a seven year old boy got heavy
injuries in the crash in Vologda, he came under
car wheels in one of the courtyards on
Konev street injured in intensive care
child injury center in severe
condition
doctors are fighting for his life all
details of the incident in our
The following traffic accident material occurred 4
September about one o'clock in the afternoon on
Konev street near the house 16a
car ford focus shot down suddenly
seven-year-old Alyosha
Petrovsky driver ford focus
woman driving experience since 2008
made a run over
a minor
which the
the woman was confused
allowed him to hit the main thing for
investigator now determine the degree
guilty driver ford
father of the injured first grader
believes that she is not a criminal punishment
the child really deserves
appeared in front of the car suddenly but with
the other hand the driver had to
apply emergency braking rough
the mistake is women because the child
voiced four meters in front of the car
here stop at a speed of 15 meters
an hour could have been there man
just did not look at the road was honors
blame and she blame me of course
baby because he just doesn't
looked criminal punishment
believes that to anything here
start up then pays just
Police treatment also believes that
female driver they were attentively behind
driving while they spend administrative
investigation as explained by woman
the appearance of a pedestrian was unexpectedly she
I did not have time to react in time
actually because of what happened on this in
the investigation will be assigned
forensic examination by
the results of which will be established
severity of harm caused to health
boy but there is another circumstance
similar accident sooner or later
would happen in this yard
near the place where the accident occurred
there is a residential neighborhood
and the driver who wants to leave him
and choose between two ways here this
the road you can drive
what's on the all-terrain vehicle or thereby
the resulting yard turns out that afternoon
movements there are almost as lively
like on a city street
residents of the surrounding houses also say that
before entering the courtyard should be
mounted speed bump or though
would be a road sign
living area is difficult good road
so because of this quick view and there
slow down it's a bad way he's us
always dump out very often
noticed even this happened
and gazelles, and swept very quickly
then I don’t know how to keep the yard safe
and
there are many children heir to the hands
walk well and the parents of the victim
Now they are hoping for a center injury doctor
patient's condition they rate as
heavy boy immersed in artificial
to whom
the results of all the research will be
known on monday most likely by
the fact of causing serious bodily
damage to women and
driver ford will be prosecuted
a business
Tigran Oganyan Andrew's Lari TV Channel
Russian north